The little live streaming host you mentioned shouldn't be him, right?
80 million. How is that possible?
Oil sauce is just a small live streaming host of the Qin family
How could it suddenly explode?
He is a live streaming host with millions in my hands
Live stream casually
You can have millions of dollars in income
What do you think I lost?
What are you so excited about?
Wait until the talented and beautiful make me a lot of money
See what you fight with me
Sign a live streaming host that's about to explode
Du Feiyun, you are as stupid as ever
Fart hemp
I've made hundreds since I took over at Du's
On the other hand, the third child
For a live streaming host that's about to explode
Spent billions
in comparison
Who do you think is more suitable for the Du family?
What? Don't listen to his nonsense!
Of course Du Feiyun doesn't have this strength anymore
You should have lent it to him, Hachi
You do this
Aren't you afraid of breaking the rules of our Du family?
I lent him this money
He will naturally pay me back in the future.
Pony, remember to come to me when you are short of money another day.
Leap let's go
No, you can't jump for long
We'll see.
Hello Mr. Du
Are you busy tonight?
I'd like to treat you to a meal
It is inconvenient for you.
OK, then I'll see you tonight.